Add support for custom templates + customizations (#853)
microsoft/AL-Go: RELEASENOTES.md

### Issues

### New Settings

> - `customALGoSystemFiles` is an array of JSON objects, which holds information about custom AL-Go System Files, which will be applied during Update AL-Go System Files. Every object can hold these 4 properties:

Author: I kind of agree, but I also don't think we should have other settings files.
IMO we should make the same change to settings as I did to secrets a while back, where we specify which secrets we want to read when calling ReadSecrets.

So, the workflows should know (and specify) which settings to look for and the only settings returned would be the once specified. This way the settings carried around in outputs would be limited.

> - `customALGoSystemFiles` is an array of JSON objects, which holds information about custom AL-Go System Files, which will be applied during Update AL-Go System Files. Every object can hold these 4 properties:

Reviewer: As a user I can say having more setting files would make it more complex. Most of the users I know prefer one big setting file where they have everything in one file.

Note that custom jobs might break by future changes to AL-Go for GitHub workflows. If you have customizations to AL-Go for GitHub workflows, you should always doublecheck the pull request generated by Update AL-Go System Files.

### Support for Custom AL-Go template repositories

Create an AL-Go for GitHub repository based on [https://aka.ms/algopte](https://aka.ms/algopte) or [https://aka.ms/algoappsource](https://aka.ms/algoappsource), add custom workflows, custom jobs, custom steps and/or settings to this repository and then use that repository as the template repository for other repositories. Using custom template repositories allows you to create and use highly customized template repositories and control the uptake of this in all repositories. See [https://aka.ms/algosettings#customtemplate](https://aka.ms/algosettings#customtemplate) for details.

> [!NOTE]

> > Customized repositories might break by future changes to AL-Go for GitHub. If you are customizing AL-Go for GitHub, you should always doublecheck the pull request when updating AL-Go system files in your custom template repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Customized repositories might break by future changes to AL-Go for GitHub. If you are customizing AL-Go for GitHub, you should always double-check the pull request when updating AL-Go system files in your custom template repositories.
```

Some workflow inputs are now validated early in order to avoid workflows to make modifications like creating a release, when we already should know that an error will occur later.

> ### Add custom jobs to AL-Go workflows

Author: It is - and I always do that as part of the release process - the last step of releasing a new version is to go through open PR's and modify target version

  - **Recurse** (optional) - Include all files matching the file name pattern in FileSpec from all subfolders (under a given subfolder from FileSpec).
  - **AuthTokenSecret** (optional) - the name of a secret (like ghTokenWorkflow) which contains a Personal Access Token or GitHub App specification with access to the source files.

### Add custom jobs to AL-Go workflows

It is now possible to add custom jobs to AL-Go workflows. The Custom Job needs to be named `CustomJob<something>` and should be placed after all other jobs in the .yaml file. The order of which jobs are executed is determined by the Needs statements. Your custom job will be executed after all jobs specified in the Needs clause in your job and if you need the job to be executed before other jobs, you should add the job name in the Needs clause of that job. See [https://aka.ms/algosettings#customjobs](https://aka.ms/algosettings#customjobs) for details.

Note that custom jobs might break by future changes to AL-Go for GitHub workflows. If you have customizations to AL-Go for GitHub workflows, you should always doublecheck the pull request generated by Update AL-Go System Files.

> ### Indirect AL-Go template repository

Author: I have renamed everything to Custom Templates
